# ISIG: Meeting Notes

## Date

September 7 from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

## Medium

https://join.skype.com/uohKGgCNMBSG<br/>

## [Agenda](http://goo.gl/7qLA44)
* [Propsal](https://goo.gl/TzII90)
  * Was accepted [August 05 Road Maps Meeting](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki/Roadmap-Meeting-August-05-2016-11:30-am-AST)
  * Needs more information on ISRT membership
* Long term plan for ISIG

## Action items
* Ask for use cases for security on the ListServ (Rosie)
* Modify the "Sensitive" label in JIRA
* Start/Test the Github Wiki for Proceedures and Information

## Next meeting
  October 5 from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

## Attendees
* Don Richards (chair) 
* Anonymous Participants

## Notes
* The group went over the Criteria for the new response team members and made changes to the [propsal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XJyrrNKjl3b6rhDxOxySjATJ262A_WmdiGznvhd5LM8)
* New member wanted to know if this is the team to discuss Authorization concerns and Access control concerns
 * Yes, adding to next call
 * Commented on Web AC for permissions is being explored by CLAW
* Revisited topic if a preferred user list of people to be notified first before a security update is released
 * Short answer. No. Several reasons this would be a bad idea. 
* For ISRT to use the [Drupal Risk Levels Specification](https://www.drupal.org/security-team/risk-levels) / [Calculator](https://security.drupal.org/riskcalc)
