# ISIG: Meeting Notes

## Date

October 5 from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

## Medium

https://join.skype.com/uohKGgCNMBSG<br/>

## [Agenda](https://goo.gl/VTUL6Y)
* [Old Business](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Security-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/2016-09-07.md)
* Ask for use cases for security on the ListServ (Rosie)
* Modify the "Sensitive" label in JIRA (Melissa)
* Start/Test the Github Wiki for Procedures and Information (Don)
  * Discuss ghpages instead https://pages.github.com
  * security_docs dir
* Any further * [Propsal](https://goo.gl/TzII90) feedback by the Roadmap Committee (Will)
* Last Monthâ€™s Suggestion
  * Explore Authorization and Access control concerns

## Action items
- [ ] Rosie post on listserv about use cases for Permissions / Roles
- [ ] Danny will contact Melissa about the security email
- [ ] Danny will send out a securit test email
- [ ] ISRT team will email Danny if they didn't recieve an email 
- [ ] Don will Update procedure doc: Notes from ISIG monthly is emailed to Security@ after meeting

## Next meeting
* Next Chair: Will Panting
* Next Meeting: November 2 from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

## Attendees
* Don Richards (chair) 
* Marcus Barnes
* Ed Fugikawa
* Rosie Le Faive
* Daniel Aitken
* Danny Lamb
* Mark Jordan
* Will Panting
* Ed

## Notes
Melissa was out but the JIRA ticket field for security<br/>
- Everyone can see<br/><br/>
CLAW is using tool to push MD to gh-pages<br/>
- ISIG to stick with MD files<br/>
- In MD files would we like point to other security channels for advice<br/>
- Disclaimers to explain we aren't the end-all-be-all for security advice<br/>
- New Folder "security_docs" for submitting Security Documentation<br/>
Request post to the listserv for Use cases for XACML or [WEBAC](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FEDORA46/How+to+Use+WebAC+agentClass+Groups) (Rosie)<br/>
- Role permissions, roles, users, operations, items(objects, triples)<br/>
- Claws Use case: https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/issues/385<br/>
- Rosie pointing to this issues<br/>
- PerTriple granularity as a pro<br/>
- https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora/YGBMUU4OSM8<br/>
<br/>
Roadmap had no objections to final draft of ISIG & ISRT proposal<br/>
- Was asked if any objections and no one responded.<br/>
CLAW refining permissions <br/>
- They are looking into a Hooks system<br/>
<br/>
Last month is was asked if we were the right team to discuss "Explore Authorization and Access control concerns"<br/>
- No one had much to add but a policy for how to submit a topic request was suggested. Added it to the wiki for now. <br/>
Comment was brought up on the Response team: Security List<br/>
- No emails recieved recently
- Danny Sent a test email: FAILED
- Update procedure doc: Notes from ISIG monthly is emailed to Security@
-- This updates SIRT and varifies the team is getting the emails
- Danny will look into the issue.
