# ISIG: Meeting Notes

## Date

July 7 from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

## Medium

https://join.skype.com/uohKGgCNMBSG<br/>

## Agenda
* Discuss the [scope of ISIG & the response team](https://goo.gl/IsM8Cj)
* Write a proposal for the Roadmap Committee
* Note taker next meeting
* Next Meeting date: 2 weeks / July 20th?

## Action items

## Next meeting

## Attendees
* Don Richards (chair) 
* Melissa Anez (note taker)
* Rosie Le Faive
* Will Panting
* Marcus Barnes
* Ed Fugikawa
* Cricket Deane
* Dan Aitken
* Jordan Dukart

## Notes
* The group went over the [scope document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XJyrrNKjl3b6rhDxOxySjATJ262A_WmdiGznvhd5LM8/edit) in detail. Don will make edits and additional documentation for ISRT's workflow, the group will review, it will go to the Roadmap Committee on Friday.
   * Clarify wording of the security team's composition and the word "committers"
   * Change reporting to Roadmap Committee to reporting to "a representative of the Islandora Foundation" 
   * Add wording about private communication channels and JIRA 
   
* Agreed to meet on the first Wednesday of each month. Next will be August 3rd at 2PM EST.
* Notetaker: Rosie
* Marcus is considering doing a security review of CLAW for the next [CLAW sprint](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hVeyoiSNNBk8RvtUAZxYQ57QURx89JFFzNey0yOUzcg). Looking for others in this group who are interested in joining him or sharing ideas.
