# ISIG: Meeting Notes

## Date

June 30 from 3:15 PM-4:15 PM EST

## Medium

https://join.skype.com/uohKGgCNMBSG<br/>

## Agenda

* Bring possible new members up to speed from [last meeting's notes](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Security-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/2016-06-23.md)

* Make a list of members. This is a call for people interested in being on the 2 teams
### 1st Team
**ISIG Scope**: As Islandora emerges as a framework for sophisticated repository development, security properties of both implementations and specifications become critical. This group provides a forum for institutions, designers, implementors, and other interested parties to work toward improving specifications and implementations to advance security of the Islandora stack overall.<br/>
The group is, in particular, focused on the security properties of Islandora and related modules, APIs and technologies.<br/><br/>
**Deliverables**<br/>
  As an Interest Group, this group generates reports for Islandora community manager alerts the sanctioned groups as needed.<br/><br/>
**Terms of Membership**<br/>
 TBD<br/>
 [Link to Mozilla's Expectations for Membership as a template](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Champions#Expectations)
### 2nd Team
**Type of Team**: Established or ad hoc team?<br/>
**Scope**: TBD<br/>
**Possible names?**<br/>
**S**ecurity **I**nterest **R**esponse **T**eam ( **SIRT** )<br/>
**I**ncident **R**esponse **T**eam ( **IRT** )<br/><br/>
**Deliverables**<br/>
  As an Response Team, this group is responsible for receiving, reviewing, and responding to security incident reports and activity.<br/><br/>
**Terms of Membership**<br/>
 TBD<br/>
 [Link to Mozilla's Expectations for Membership as a template](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Champions#Expectations)<br/><br/>
**Medias for communication**:<br/>
Google docs?<br/>
Meeting notes?<br/>
Github wiki?<br/>
Skype?

## Action items
* Group(s) List of members & Email to Community Manager
* Define Scopes & Deliverables
* Define Name of the Second Team
* Define which technologies to use for collaboration
* Frequency of Meetings and next meeting date/time
* Call to a 2nd chair
* Call for the next moderator/note taker

## Next meeting
July 6 from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

## Attendees
Don Richards (chair) <br/>
Who would like be the 2nd chair? (chair) <br/>

## Notes
<hr>
### 1st Team (ISIG)
Write up a proposal to roadmap group<br/>
Notes/Proposal go to the Roadmap community.<br/>

List of people in README for the interest group<br/>

1st team does not discuss sensitive data<br/>
	Post incident management review<br/>

1st team is open enrollment (Terms of Membership)<br/>
	Required.

Put out a call for membership list periodically<br/>
	No minimal monthly meeting requirements<br/>
	
<hr>
### 2nd Team(Islandora Security Response Team)
Type of Team: Established and a on the committers’ group<br/>
Scope: Respond security incidents. <br/>

Name: Islandora Security Response Team<br/>

Deliverables: Fix problems, time and policies specified by ISIG<br/>

ISRT: Must have some level of expertise<br/>
Is submitted has a patch: Must be Reviewed by the team<br/>

5 to 6 committers as a response team.<br/>

Expectation for Monthly participation required<br/>

Formally remove from Response team? 30 days after “ping” <br/>

Intended response time? 2 business day to respond to an initial <br/>

Emergency Patch vs fix: <br/>
ISIG to define policy for determining<br/>
Drupal’s definition?<br/>
	If exploit is public an emergency patch is appropriate<br/>

ISIG to define who / how the patch is release.<br/>

Policy from Privacy.<br/>

Tech to suggest for use in response:<br/>
* Skype
* Private Ticketing Use Difs or Tars Not Private repo for code sharing
* Set up policies for Response team have a level of security of devices
* Using addresses owned/managed by IT a must

Disclosure of involvement isn’t encouraged or discouraged. Suggested for road map to decide? <br/>

Notes within ticket should be fine. <br/>

Operational Integrity is paramount. <br/>

Bi-weekly meeting are suggested<br/>
July 6th 2pm EST<br/>


Volunteer initial group:
* Anonymous Panda
* William Panting
* Manez: Minimal Number of members? 
* Rosie Le Faive, UPEI
* Marcus Barnes, Simon Fraser University
* Ed Fugikawa, U of Wyoming
* Cricket Deane, University of Tennessee
* Don Richards, University of Tennessee

