# ISIG: Meeting Notes

## Date

August 3rd from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

## Medium

https://join.skype.com/uohKGgCNMBSG<br/>

## Attendees
* Don Richards (chair) 
* Melissa Anez (notetaker)
* Danny Lamb
* Jordan Dukart
* Will Panting
* Dan Aitken
* Bridger Smith
* Marcus Barnes
* Rosie LeFaive


## Agenda
* [Roadmap feedback on doc](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki/Roadmap-Meeting-July-22-2016-11:30-am-AST#security-interest-group-will)
  * Need to codify how someone can join the response team.
  * The Roadmap Committee would like to know the initial composition of the repsonse team.

## Notes
* Danny Lamb is joining up as the new Islandora Tech Lead, since this IG is pretty crucial.
* How new members can join the response team: a nomination process was defined, using the security@islandora.ca email address and with Apache voting system.
* The Roadmap Committee will be verbally informed of the membership of the ISRT. The purpose of the semi-anonymity is to not have names documented in public for the exploitation vulnerability.
* Next meeting: discuss long term plan for ISIG

## Action items
* Update the Roadmap Committee with the response to their proposal.
* Put ISIG meetings on Community Calendar.
* Nominate Don Richards as Committer

## Next meeting
* First Wednesday of next month: Sept 7, 2016

## Attendees
* Don Richards (chair) 
* Melissa Anez (note taker)

