# ISIG: Meeting Notes

## Date

Dec 7 from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

## Medium

https://join.skype.com/tT2eK2Eeid68<br/>

## Agenda
* [Google Doc](https://goo.gl/O3GjU7)
* Old Business (Action items from last meeting)
* Recap ISRT first ticket [Islandora-1860](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1860)
 * Retrospective
  * [Cloud.gov Post mortems Repo](https://github.com/18F/cg-postmortems)
  * [Security Incident Response Guide](https://cloud.gov/docs/ops/security-ir/)
  * [Blameless Post Mortem Culture](https://codeascraft.com/2012/05/22/blameless-postmortems/)
 * Attached Sample Delta Report in Skype


## Action items
* [ ] 


## Next meeting
Jan 4 from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST 
Chair: Don Richards


## Attendees

## Notes
 
After discussing the process of Islandora-1860 a question came up, 2 options dealing with “sensitive” status. The second was chosen. 
* If determined a non security risk and has PR it should then be made public.
* If it’s not determined to be a genuine security risk, it will go public to be fixed as a normal bug? --This is the one chosen

#### If it’s not determined to be a genuine security risk, it will go public to be fixed as a normal bug?

Discussed working on the workflow files. They are currently mostly blank place holders and could use attention. This link was a sample of a possible avenue to try. https://www.thefanclub.co.za/how-to/how-secure-ubuntu-1604-lts-server-part-1-basics


The suggested format is an instructional step by step guide like the previous link. Also when a topic should be suggested but the author does not know how or if it needs to be addressed to add a placeholder in the markdown file suggesting to look into a topic further elsewhere or point to external resources. This will bring attention to the reader that they should be aware of something at that point. 


Please add to these files or correct someone’s input. If you have a better suggestion add it and if you know how the suggested configuration is flawed make the comment in the code or make the change. Making the code better isn’t going to hurt feelings, it’ll help everyone have better insight into security.  


Ed offered to Look into [Hardening_Production_Server.md](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Security-Interest-Group/blob/master/workflow/Hardening_Production_Server.md)

Rosie offered to look into [Training.md](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Security-Interest-Group/blob/master/workflow/Training.md)


It’s the holiday season and it’s possible that nothing will get done, and is understood. 
Some of the software we’ve asked each other to look at for next month’s discussion fail2ban, Apparmor, Tiger and Tripwire and anything that finds its way into the [agenda](https://goo.gl/1PMPM6). 
