# ISIG: Meeting Notes

## Date

Date July 5th from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

## Medium

https://join.skype.com/uohKGgCNMBSG<br/>

## [Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g0bWJffp3dZFwH_mBBfe7W9LCcrIhE5qnDPzypOfYlA/edit)
* [Old Business](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Security-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/2017-06-07.md)
  * Rosie: Proposing to move 7.x Committers' Call away from Skype
* Anything Newly Release / Show and Tell
* Last Month’s Security Response
  * Advisory ID: ISLANDORA-2017-01
* One of the PRs
  * What was found, how it was tested, how it was addressed and if this exposed anything else
* Code Spot Light
  * islandora_scholar/includes/derivatives.inc:84
    * exec($command, $execout, $returncode);
* Jira
  * ~~ISLANDORA-1535 Independent configuration for SPARQL Query endpoint~~
  * ~~ISLANDORA-1807 Travis 5.3.3 is not running codesniffer~~
  * ~~ISLANDORA-1873 Book Batch does not apply POLICY to pages~~
* Hardening Servers running Islandora Document Updates (signup?)
* Open Discussion
  * Email from Catalyst IT to Security@islandora.ca
    * Possibly reaching out to Danny or Melissa to do discuss a possible  securityadvisory.rss feed

## Action items
* Look into solutions 

## Next meeting
August 2, 2017

## Notes
* Moving away from skype? No strong feelings.
* New stuff / show and tell? [NTR]
* Ticket ISLANDORA-1999
* Suggesting validate the user input fields 
  * Example: imagemagick.module: L91
  * Suggestion: Block people from saving a path that is not a path to an executable file.
  * When we validate, test if the file exists and if it’s executable - see imagemagick.module
  * If the path doesn’t fly, then don’t save that path to the variable, but save the rest of the form. (leave whatever was there before).
  * This means we can’t use drupal’s system_settings_form; we’ll have to craft our own submit handlers.
 
Next Chair: Don
Notes Are open for everyone to participate. 
