# ISIG: Meeting Notes

## Date

May 3rd from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

## Medium

https://join.skype.com/uohKGgCNMBSG<br/>

## Agenda
* Old Business
 * New Business
   * New Format Proposal
     * Old Business
     * New Business
       * Anything Newly Released / Show and Tell
       * Spotlight Code ( either purposefully selected or randomly selected bit of Islandora/Islandora-labs code for group review)
         * Example: islandora_scholar/modules/islandora_scholar_embargo/islandora_scholar_embargo.api.php
           * Is there any security concerns about a null function?
       * Continuing to Build Documentation (any volunteers?)
       * Open Discussion
    * Hardening Servers running Islandora Document Updates (signup?)
      * Key Points
      * Resources
      * Insecure protocols
      * Minimize unnecessary software on your servers.
      * Disable Unwanted SUID and SGID Binaries
     * Open Discussion 

## Action items
* Select a group of code for next meeting

## Next meeting
June 7, 2017 

## Notes
* 
