# ISIG: Meeting Notes

Date March 1 from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

Medium [https://join.skype.com/tT2eK2Eeid68](https://join.skype.com/tT2eK2Eeid68)

Chair/Note Taker: Don Richards

Agenda
* Old Business
* New Business
 * OWASP Dependency Check (Ed)
   * https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Dependency_Check 
   * http://jeremylong.github.io/DependencyCheck/general/thereport.html 
  * What should we be doing during the 7.x-1.9 release?
 * Should we suggest solutions like Ansible, Jenkins, Docker, etc
  * https://github.com/geerlingguy/ansible-role-security
 * Hardening Server Document Updates (signup?)
   * ~~Key Points~~
   * ~~Resources~~
   * Insecure protocols
   * Minimize unnecessary software on your servers.
   * Disable Unwanted SUID and SGID Binaries

Notes:
	__Postponed until next month due to Code freeze activity__

Next Chair: Don
Next Meeting: Any takers?
