# ISIG: Meeting Notes

Date April 5 from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

Medium [https://join.skype.com/tT2eK2Eeid68](https://join.skype.com/tT2eK2Eeid68)

Chair/Note Taker: Don Richards

Agenda
* Old Business
* New Business
 * ~~OWASP Dependency Check (Ed)~~
   * ~~https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Dependency_Check~~
   * ~~http://jeremylong.github.io/DependencyCheck/general/thereport.html~~
  * What should we be doing during the 7.x-1.9 release?
 * Should we suggest solutions like Ansible, Jenkins, Docker, etc
  * Ansible RHEL examples
    * [Github/geerlingguy Ansible Role Security](https://github.com/geerlingguy/ansible-role-security)
    * [Github/geerlingguy Ansible Role Firewall](https://github.com/geerlingguy/ansible-role-firewall)
 * Hardening Server Document Updates (signup?)
   * ~~Key Points~~
   * ~~Resources~~
   * Insecure protocols
   * Minimize unnecessary software on your servers.
   * Disable Unwanted SUID and SGID Binaries

Notes:
	* Ed was not ready to discuss his findings with OWASP but will contact the group when he is ready
  * Everything is going correctly with the release
  * Ansible will be useful and would like to a documentation on how to set this up
  * No one volunterred this month to extend some of the documentation

Next Chair: Don
Next Meeting: Any takers?
