![flat 800x800 070 f](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2738244/38274029-82614b5e-375b-11e8-9c2a-86f72c8c03d0.jpg)

# ISIG: Meeting Notes

## Date 
April 4th from 2:00 PM-3:00 PM EST

## Medium https://join.skype.com/tT2eK2Eeid68

## Chair/Note Taker: 
Don Richards

## [Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u57LGL3fRk-N6WdU6hA65MpqRJvFk7K64O9ZUeQJv1M/edit)
* Old Business
* Drupal Security Update
  * Drupal core - Highly critical - Remote Code Execution - SA-CORE-2018-002
  * What does it mean for our developers?
* Jira Tickets
* Open Discussion

## Notes: 
* ...


## Next Meeting: May 2nd, 2018 2PM EST 
## Next Chair: Takers?
